in other world is if you've been
watching our show over the last couple
of weeks you know I'm running for mayor
of a small town in Newfoundland it's a
town called dildo dild oh I've been
working to lead the people of dildo
because I have a strong sense of civic
duty and the sense of humor of a 9 year
old
but we've been spreading the word and
whether at the end of this I get named
mayor or not I think everyone will agree
we've set an all-time record for most
times the word dildo has been said on
television everybody's talking about
dildo he has discovered dildo Jimmy
loves dildo the whole thing has resulted
in a flood of tourists to the town all
curious to see what dildo is all about
dildos apparently planning to
reciprocate
we are here in dildo for dildo days he
says only classy you see a dildo don't
know yeah just want to say it and as of
now I'm ahead in the polls which is good
because I I don't actually have an
opponent I'm running unopposed or so I
thought you know things were going
pretty swimmingly until today when this
unexpected bit of unpleasantness popped
up Jimmy Kimmel for mayor signs are
posted all over the town of dildo but
now another Hollywood star may be vying
for the mayoral office we were surprised
we thought Jimmy Kimmel was a shoo-in
right now look he's got competition
would you rather see Ron and dildo Jimmy
Kimmel or Jason Bourne I mean he's a
star above stars yeah Jimmy Kimmel is
great he's comedian which we all love
but Matt Damon is
so big decisions here no no there are no
big decisions here you can't have a
dildo running dildo it's it looks like a
horse riding our horse how dare they
bring him into this it was all so I
thought Canadians were supposed to be
nice I thought that's an American that
snuck in with the black hat anyway I'm
pretty upset well let's go live now to
the dildo Brewing Company where our very
own Guillermo del dildo is standing by
[Applause]
hey Jeremy would you last night what it
what are you up to there a dildo so we
would listen to music and then we got
drunk what sounds like a fun night have
you heard this have you seen this guy
with the Matt Damon stuff out in the
town unfortunately I did but I already
took care of them Jimmy oh you did what
did you do to take care of them I sent
them to the next town oh you did well I
see so many of our loyal supporters
we've got Dennis Karen nug Lloyd
prettiest dresses the town mascot
tonight that's Captain dildo
there's the Reed family John Dean and
Leslie providing music for the event
tonight and we're and you're in the
brewing company right guys oh I drink in
that Jimmy come on look Kumail what is
it Kim ale all right I like that yeah I
like it too Jimmy come out sounds like
you guys have been drinking all day
haven't you non-stop in here well you
know what you deserve a Guillermo
because Guillermo has been out
canvassing the town he's been going
door-to-door making our final push and
let's take a look at some video to see
the important work that Guillermo has
been doing in dildo
[Music]
what it's going to take to get a Jimmy's
boat for mayor of dildo I think Jimmy's
gonna have to come up here if he wants
my vote what about if he gives everybody
healthcare oh my god you see he already
did a he's fast yeah
hi how are you what do you say oh hi sir
how are you are you gonna vote for Jimmy
Kimmel of course yeah who isn't oh great
great
you're my type of lady come over here
welcome hi hi guys hi hi family let me
go see if you have something to drink
where's the legal cabinet
right off the Bob you got it - killer oh
I don't have to kill out do you watch
Jimmy Kimmel Live sure oh I just said to
my husband this morning I think he's had
some fun okay all right for his age so I
think he's mister dog what did Jimmy
needs to do to win your boat he needs to
bring me more trees and bones I was
doing his voice what was going next guys
what we're going next
Jimmy for Jimmy for Tilden Jimmy can I
is very weird I'm competing for Jimmy
Kimmel yeah to be that mayor of Gilda
well I think Emmy is a fine guy hey do
you work in blockbuster No
I come here where this one is issued I
picked up waste more time do you guys
have Titanic oh my god this is perfect
don't kill me all right
can I put this in your law I said okay
all right did I meet you last night no
not that I can remember at all you don't
remember last night I met you know
[Applause]
alright okay alright whatever I think
you were drunk Oh
d stands for our dignity our name will
never
and I stands for the innocent child who
should never
l we fought for liberty and d four days
of old while old spells out that living
I'm the king of dildo
[Applause]
so tomorrow is the big night tomorrow
the committee for the local service
district of dildo will vote on whether
or not I will become the first-ever
mayor of dildo so I think what do I like
five of the seven committee members
they're correct and Andrew where's
Andrew Andrew you are representing as
well yes yes so Andrew introduce the
members of the committee who do you have
there we have Lisa new HOH hi Lisa
our behalf yard hey now Lisa R Laci Reed
uh-huh and Dean Reed okay so how does it
work does it have to be unanimous
or does majority rule as far as the vote
goes we we we ruled by majority so you
to filter out people like Trump right oh
great so I have to get four of four of
you guys to vote for me yes
great well let me just say two things
before you vote number one I believe in
building a better dildo for everyone and
I believe in buying a round of drinks
for everyone in the bar
and by the way if I'm mayor there's more
drinks to come so saying well thanks
everyone I'll see you all tomorrow for
the big bowl
oh there's the song - it's ahead already
by the way these build Odeon says as
they are called they really are have
even come to Los Angeles the local NTV
news sent one of their reporters a young
woman named Amanda Muse
all the way to Hollywood to track us
down Jimmy Kimmel has been on this all
week he has people in the ground on the
ground in dildo and we have our sign
here so we are the sister city the city
or the town of dildo is assistant city
of Hollywood well thanks Amanda
our sister city is dildo you know since
the day I announced my candidacy the
media especially the Canadian media has
been bombarding me with interview
requests I thought I if you don't mind I
need to knock those all out I'm having
press conference in fact it's scheduled
to start so excuse me if you would for
just a second I need to get up there
I'm just
[Music]
spirit fairway
okay oh all right well thank you all for
being here as you know I'm running for
mayor of dildo I know you have questions
and well let's start with Amanda Muse in
the back there Amanda so why should the
people have dildo vote for you well as
far as I know there's no one else
running so you know who else are they
going to vote for next question
Amanda yeah are you willing to
participate in a screeching ceremony in
order to become an honorary
Newfoundlander it would be my pleasure
to get screeched in and not only will I
kiss the Cod
I will give it tongue next question will
be for yes Amanda um as the head of
dildo how will you ensure smooth passage
forward for your constituents it's a
very dirty question do your parents know
that you're doing this for a job well
one more question and yes Amanda yes
well what is your position on
unincorporated communities and how
should we modernize our municipal
taxation framework my position on that
is straight missionary you know the
old-fashioned way yours Oh Jamie we're
not that close okay well for the record
you can read all my positions on
incorporation and taxation in the op-ed
I wrote for the daily dildo that is all
the questions I have time for I want to
thank everyone for coming
long live dildo hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel an
evil wizard has trapped me inside this
YouTube video click subscribe to help me
escape